# Summary
## (i) Reference :Jane Cleland-Huang and Jin Guo @Raise 2014 Workshop. Towards More Intelligent Trace Retrieval Algorithms. [Paper](http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2593802)

## (ii) Keywords

  * (ii1)**Requirements** : A requirement in product development and process optimization is a singular documented physical and functional need that a particular design, product or process must be able to perform.
  * (ii2)**Expert System** : Expert systems are part of a general category of computer applications known as artificial intelligence . To design an expert system, one needs a knowledge engineer, an individual who studies how human experts make decisions and translates the rules into terms that a computer can understand.
  * (ii3)**Domain Ontology** : A domain ontology (or domain-specific ontology) represents concepts which belong to part of the world. Particular meanings of terms applied to that domain are provided by domain ontology. Since domain ontologies represent concepts in very specific and often eclectic ways, they are often incompatible.
  * (ii4)**Traceability** : Traceability is the ability to verify the history, location, or application of an item by means of documented recorded identification(wiki).  

## (iii) Artifacts
  * (iii1) **Motivation** : Vast majority of relevant work in the past decade has been focused at the lowest level of the Traceability Intelligence Quotient (tIQ) and posit that achieving high quality automated traceability will require re-focusing research efforts on the development of more intelligent algorithms ca- pable of reasoning about concepts, their relationships and constraints, and the contexts in which they occur. Traditional approaches to traceability, including those integrated into most commercial tools, assume that users will create and maintain trace links manually. Unfortunately, the tracing task is arduous and error-prone and therefore in practice even the most basic trace links are often inaccurate, incomplete, and ambiguous.
  * (iii2) **Hypotheses** : Information retrieval techniques are used to compute similarity scores (or link probabilities) between pairs of source and target artifacts, such as between requirements and code, or between regulations and requirements, and then to present high-scoring pairs as candidate links to users. Tha authors propose a classification scheme which identifies various degrees of intelligence exhibited by text- centric trace creation algorithms and posit that continued efforts to achieve high degrees of automation will require focusing our efforts on developing more intelligent tracing solutions. They choose to focus purely on text-based tech- niques because these are a core component of almost every automated, or semi-automated tracing algorithm.
  * (iii3) **Commentary** : Traceablity Intelligence Quotient(tIQ) is summarized on an ordinal scale that includes the abilities like
    * **_Term Matching_**: The notion is that trace links can be constructed when terms in the source artifact match those in the target artifact. The most popular approach is based on the Vector Space Model (VSM). Techniques such as Latent Semantic Index- ing (LSI) or Latent Direchlet Allocation (LDA) overcome the strict term-to-term matching of the VSM through using processes such as Singular Value Decomposition to discover simple associations between terms by extracting and lever- aging the contextual usage of each word.
    * **_Basic Untyped Associations_**: Techniques that fall into this category are characterized by the fact that they do not understand the semantics behind the association. An example in the traceability domain is based on learning query transformation rules from an initial set of approved trace links. Another example uses either structural or term-based clustering to leverage the general idea that groups of similar items tend to be linked to other groups of similar items.
    * **_Semantic Associations_**: Semantic Associations utilizes a knowledge base (KB) to create and utilize semantically aware associations in the trace creation process. Such knowledge bases are composed of a set of data that includes basic terms that define the vocabulary of the domain, and a set of sentences that describe the relationships between those terms. The data is often represented in the form of an ontology in which knowledge is constructed using logical operators such as AND and OR, as well as implication and negation oper- ators to build complex ideas from more primitive concepts.
    * **_Expert Systerms_**: An expert system emulates the decision-making process of a human expert. Expert traceability systems are therefore designed to closely mimic the way human analysts reason about trace links and perform tracing tasks. Such systems rely on a knowledge base (ontology) which understands the vocabulary, facts, and assumptions of the domain and represents them in a format that is accessible and processable. There is currently little work in this area.
    * **_Knowledge Synthesis_**: These represents class of algorithms which have the ability to synthesize information in order to address the question of when each different technique should be used, and how various techniques can be combined. True synthesis of knowledge will only be effective when intelligent traceability solutions from higher levels of our tIQ classification are thrown into the mix
  * (iii4) **Sampling** : They used "Free Search" to search DBLP for all listed papers from 2004-2013 (inclusive) including the term "Traceability" in either the title, abstract, or list of keywords. DBLP includes the top ranking conferences and journals in which traceability related work typically occurs, such as the International Conference on Software Engineering (ICSE), the Requirements Engineering Conference (RE), the International Conference on Software Maintenance (ICSM), the Automated Software Engineering Conference (ASE), Foundations of Software Engineering (FSE) or the European Software Engineering Conference (ESEC), IEEE Software, ACM Transactions on Software Engineering Meth- odology (TOSEM), and IEEE Transactions on Software En- gineering (TSE). This search returned 696 results. Any papers related to execution traces or traceability of farm products (or similar) rather than trace retrieval were immediately removed, resulting in a total of 395 papers. We then further narrowed the selection by retaining only those papers which talked about automated trace creation or maintenance. Furthermore, if the underlying trace retrieval algorithm was not clearly explained, typically because the emphasis was on traceability processes or the application of traceability to a specific task, we also eliminated the paper. They were left with a set of 107 papers. Each paper was then classified according to the highest possible level of the tIQ.
  
## (iv) Improvisations:
  * (iv1) Resource to the data collected could have been provided.
  * (iv2) In future work, they could have given on intution on how the active problems in the research community can be improved rather than just the active problems.
