# Summary
## (i) Reference :Sonia Haiduc, Giuseppe De Rosa, Gabriele Bavota, Rocco Oliveto, Andrea de Lucia and Andrian Marcus @ICSE2013 2002. Query Quality Prediction and Reformulation for Source Code Search: The Refoqus Tool. [Paper](http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2486991)

## (ii) Keywords

  * (ii1)**Source Code Search** : Source code search refers to searching through the source code of an application using a desired query.
  * (ii2)**Text Retrieval** : Text retrieval is defined as the matching of some stated user query against a set of free-text records. These records could be any type of mainly unstructured text, such as newspaper articles, real estate records or paragraphs in a manual. User queries can range from multi-sentence full descriptions of an information need to a few words(wiki).
  * (ii3)**Query Quality** : Query quality refers to the succinctness of a query to yield desired results.
  * (ii4)**Query Reformulation** : Query reformulation is modifying the query based on feedback to yield better results.

## (iii) Artifacts
  * (iii1) **Motivation** : The problem common to all TR-based approaches is that the text query used and its relationship to the text contained in the software artifacts greatly influences the search results. Writing good queries is not an easy task as it requires intimate knowledge of the source code vocabulary and its use, which is difficult to get even in small projects, let alone in large projects with millions of lines of code. A poor query not only fails to return relevant results, but it also leads to wasted time and effort on behalf of the developers, who need to investigate the irrelevant search results before realizing that the query was a poor choice. The challenge is to provide immediate feedback about quality of the query.
  * (iii2) **Study Instruments** : Refoqus uses a combination of techniques from the fields of natural language document retrieval and machine learning. The proposed approach uses 21 measures reflecting textual characteristics of the query and of the entire source code to determine if the written query is of high or low quality. The quality prediction is based on training the system using existing examples of good and poor queries. Refoqus also uses even additional measures, which convey information about the results returned by the query: Subquery Overlap, Robustness Score, First Rank Change, Clustering Tendency, Spatial Autocorrelation, Weighted Information Gain, and Normalized Query Commitment. They are defined in the field of natural language document retrieval and their use in SE context is a first. Using these additional sources of information leads to better quality prediction in Refoqus.
  * (iii3) **Commentary** :Refoqus(REFormulation Of QUerieS) is meant to be used by developers during their daily tasks, whenever searching is needed. At first sight, Refoqus works like any other TR-based tool for source code search, i.e., the developer writes and runs a text query and Refoqus returns a list of ranked methods relevant to the query. From this point on, however, Refoqus is unique. While retrieving the relevant results, Refoqus also analyzes the quality of the submitted query and classifies it as high or low quality. The developer can use this feedback as a guideline for determining if the results returned by the query are worth investigating or not. In the case when Refoqus indicates the query is of high quality, the developer is likely to find the relevant code among the top results and the search can end successfully. In case the quality of the query is low, the developer is most likely better off reformulating the query than analyzing the search results. In such cases, Refoqus automatically suggests a reformulation of the query.
  * (iii4) **Related Work** : Query reformulation is often very difficult for developers, given that they did not know how to write a good query in the first place. Researchers in the SE field have addressed this problem by proposing the use of two types of query reformulation approaches. The first is based on user relevance feedback, which is an interactive approach that relies on the developer to analyze the list of results and mark the top documents as relevant or not relevant. The documents marked by the user are then used to reformulate the query. One disadvantage of this technique is that it requires significant developer effort for analyzing and marking documents that are not directly relevant for the task at hand. A second class of approaches is based on automatically adding terms to the query, which are similar to the terms found in the query (e.g., synonyms).

## (iv) Improvisations:
* There is no baseline tool Refoqus is measured against.
* Accuraccy measures like precision and recall could have been used to give better insight that plain accuracy.
  
